Improve the connector example to handle the file connectors being removed form the classpath (#6709)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/deploying/proc-deploying-kafkaconnector.adoc

* A `FileStreamSourceConnector` instance that reads each line from the Kafka license file (the source) and writes the data as messages to a single Kafka topic.
* A `FileStreamSinkConnector` instance that reads messages from the Kafka topic and writes the messages to a temporary file (the sink).

Until Apache Kafka 3.1.0, these connector plugins were always included in the Apache Kafka.

> Since Apache Kafka 3.1.1 and 3.2.0, they need to be added to the plugin path as any other connector.

Author: I think the specific versions are important here because of 3.1.1 => Without that, people will expect that its only 3.2.0 from which this changes because that is the logical step.

> Since Apache Kafka 3.1.1 and 3.2.0, they need to be added to the plugin path as any other connector.

Author: ```suggestion
Since Apache Kafka 3.1.1 and 3.2.0, the examples need to be added to the plugin path as any other connector.
```

> Since Apache Kafka 3.1.1 and 3.2.0, they need to be added to the plugin path as any other connector.

Reviewer: Adjusted the suggestion

> Since Apache Kafka 3.1.1 and 3.2.0, the examples need to be added to the plugin path as any other connector.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from the 3.1.1 and 3.2.0 releases of Apache Kafka, the examples need to be added to the plugin path as any other connector.
```
